Lord Lianzhen
You did it
He actually played the old fox Wang Chongyang around
Hahahaha, how dare you blow me up?
Soldiers never tire of deception
There's no need to play with an old fox like you
adult
Didn't you just say that you can help the new master ascend the throne?
Zhang Zhenfeng, you have been fired, my lord
Is there any misunderstanding, my lord?
Article 10 of the Heaven Dou Code
Do not associate with traitors
Do not cooperate with foreign enemies
You are now
What else is there to face our Heaven Dou Legion?
My lord, I was wrong
actually
My subordinate has long known that you are with Mr. Lin
Yes, that's why I cooperated with you in this play.
Please give me another chance
So I should also thank you
dare not dare
Eat inside and outside
mercenary
You are not worthy to be my guide, Zhang Zhenfeng
From today onwards
You are no longer the wolf in heaven
Heaven Dou has nothing to do with you
This is what you forced me to do
I'm going to fight you to the death
What else can you do?
I'll tell you what.
These Heaven Dou soldiers were personally selected by me
One by one
They are all confidants who have fought with me for many years
Now I just give the order
Even if Tiandoulong Shuai is here
And they did.
Then you order to try it.
Guys, kill this kid for me
How is that possible?
Why? Why?
Tiandao Excalibur
You are the handsome Tiandao slave